---
title: "About this blog"
subtitle: "Why this blog and what to expect! 🚀"
author: "Dakshraj Sharma"
date: "April 29, 2020"
index: 20200429
---

One of my intentions behind creating this blog was just that I wanted to create something. I learned about Gatsby and I thought, yeah why not? I started learning about working with Gatsby and I created this website, to have something to perhaps show on my resume. However, now that this website is pretty much complete, what do I do with it? 

I plan to write. I plan to share cool stuff I do and that I learn in my journey to become a better developer. I plan to write about things that intrigue me, new things that I'm trying to learn about, and maybe try to teach readers some techniques that I discover. What interests me? If you hadn't already guessed from my homepage, pretty much everything. Frontend technologies, Backend technologies, DevOps techniques, new system design principles, everything. 

Soon, I plan to describe the process of how I developed this website and I believe anyone looking to create and host their website online (completely for free!) could benefit from learning about it. I might also delve into Gridsome, which is, basically, the VueJS alternative for Gatsby. Look out for that too.

Have any ideas for what I could write about? Reach out to me over **[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sharmarajdaksh/)** or email me at sharmarajdaksh@gmail.com. To learn what technologies I have interest in, perhaps a look around my **[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sharmarajdaksh/)** could help.

That's it for now. Hang around for more content, coming soon. Ciao 😃.